AND_2.0.0 (#49)
UnifiedPush/documentation: content/developers/embedded_fcm.md

* Add the receiver to your code:

```kotlin
class EmbeddedDistributor: EmbeddedDistributorReceiver() {
    override fun getEndpoint(context: Context, fcmToken: String, instance: String): String {
        // This returns the endpoint of your FCM Rewrite-Proxy

>         return "https://<your.domain.tld>/?v2&instance=$instance&token=$token"

Reviewer: This should be `/FCM?v2&`, right now root domain works on *.unifiedpush.org because of reverse proxy magic, but it's simpler to avoid having to do that.

Author: It depends on the reverse proxy. On the example the reverse proxy is at the root. Does common-proxies forces the path ?

Reviewer: Common-Proxies will only do FCM proxying if the path is /FCM.
Right now, the (caddy) reverse proxy is like this
```
http://fcm.distributor.unifiedpush.org https://fcm.distributor.unifiedpush.org {
  rewrite * /FCM
  reverse_proxy /FCM* 127.0.0.1:{{rewrite_proxy_port}}
}
```
It has to change the requests from the root path to /FCM because common-proxies can only handle /FCM.
If the endpoint includes /FCM then that `rewrite` line wouldn't be needed to force /FCM, and the example can be changed.

Author: Oh, common-proxies wait for /FCM. We can set back /FCM in the doc if it will reduce some errors

As a developer, if you're using the FCM embedded distributor, you will need a rewrite proxy for FCM-fallback for users who don't have a UnifiedPush Distributor. It is close to the usually needed gateway to FCM or [trusted server](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/server)

We recommend using the following as the gateway.

> [Golang Rewrite Proxy](https://github.com/karmanyaahm/golang-unified-push-rewrite-proxy) is a program can be installed to run as a rewrite proxy for FCM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[UnifiedPush Common-Proxies](https://github.com/UnifiedPush/common-proxies) is a program can be installed to run as a rewrite proxy for FCM.
```

Traffic from /FCM on any reverse proxy (for TLS) can be proxied to it. The following is an example for Nginx.

```nginx

> location  / {

Reviewer: Same as above, /FCM should stay
